Add documentation for Spyder-terminal plugin (#271)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/plugins/terminal.rst

###############
Spyder Terminal
###############

> **Spyder-terminal** is a plugin that allows you to have an integrated Terminal inside Spyder.

Reviewer: `**Spyder-terminal** is a plugin that allows you to have an integrated system Terminal inside Spyder.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Spyder-terminal** is a plugin that allows you to have integrated system terminals inside Spyder.
```

I agree with @steff456's suggestion, but with this small improvement because users can have as many terminals as they want.

.. image:: /images/terminal/terminal-standard.png
   :alt: Spyder Terminal in Spyder

> Using the terminal inside Spyder allows you to use the system shell rather than just the IPython console. You can use it to issue commands, interact

Reviewer: You have to choose if every time you write terminal will be capitalized, as in the previous sentence or without it. I don't have a strong preference about it, so choose the one you like the most.

Reviewer: `Using the terminal inside Spyder allows you to use any system shell installed rather than the IPython console.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Spyder-terminal allows you to use any system shell installed in your system (e.g. Bash, Zsh or Powershell) rather than just the IPython console. You can use it to issue commands, interact
```

- This avoids repeating `Using` at the beginning and then `use`.
- It also gives examples of possible shells.

with version control or to run programs.

=======================
Installing the Terminal
=======================

If you installed Spyder using conda, the best way to install Spyder-terminal is to run the following command in your terminal or Anaconda prompt on Windows:

.. code-block:: bash

   conda install spyder-terminal -c spyder-ide

.. important::

   At the moment it is not possible to use this plugin with the Spyder :ref:`standalone_installers_ref` for Windows and macOS. We're working to make that possible in the future.

Restart Spyder in order to be able to use the plugin.

==================
Using the Terminal
==================

When the Terminal is installed, it will be available under the menu item :menuselection:`View --> Panes --> Terminal`.

.. image:: /images/terminal/terminal-view-panes.png
   :alt: Spyder showing view panes Terminal

> You will see it then as a tab in the bottom of the console area. When switching to it, a new terminal tab will be created. You can also create a new terminal tab by clicking in the :guilabel:`+` button at the upper right corner of the console area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will see it then as a tab at the bottom of the console area. When switching to it, a new terminal tab will be created. You can also create more terminals by clicking in the :guilabel:`+` button at the upper right corner of the terminal area.
```

Small improvements.

.. image:: /images/terminal/terminal-new-terminal-option.gif
   :alt: Spyder showing the new terminal button

> You can also click the :guilabel:`Options` button next to the :guilabel:`+` button. You can rename terminals, undock the terminal, and open a terminal in the directory of the current Editor file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Clicking the :guilabel:`Options` button next to the :guilabel:`+` button will allow you to rename terminals, undock the terminal, and open a terminal in the directory of the current Editor file.
```
Just a suggestion to avoid the repetition of the "You can also" from the sentence above.
